My name is Abby Jones and I am talking about
the process for moving into a new apartment,
a new space and how to make that process easy
and efficient and to help you set up easy
and efficient spaces. So and right now we're
in the kitchen, and we're talking about how
to organize your kitchen and how to set it
up so it's efficient and well organized. And
some ideas that I have for storage in a kitchen,
here's some ideas, some things that I'm using.
We have hanging baskets. Those can come in
very handy in kitchens for storing food or
you can store napkins there, you can store
pretty much anything in these. These wooden
troughs are also really useful. You can store
a lot of different things in those. Any kind
of bowls can add a decorative touch and are
also good for, I use this for a fruit bowl,
you could use it for pretty much anything.
But decorative bowls work well. These baskets
help create spaces in your pantry in particular
or in your cabinets, can help contain things
in larger spaces. Some kind of cup or a vase,
those kinds of things can be good in kitchens
for keeping utensils that you use a lot. There's
all kinds of storage for dry goods that you
can get at craft stores, a lot of different
places, even estate sales are great for finding
this kind of thing, garage sales. And so those
are good to keep your dry goods in. Other
storage ideas are tension rods can come in
handy for, I've used this one to make a towel
rack. This dish rack can always come in handy
as kind of a storage for wet dishes and also,
something else that I like to have in my kitchen
is an empty Kleenex box or some kind of empty
box. I'll get mine, just a second. I have
this empty box that I use for keeping plastic
bags so it's easy to stuff them in there,
it keeps them well contained and they're easy
to get to.